ccaprice is a work in progress but fairly complete (currently) C stdlib
replacement.  ccaprice implements the functionality required for ANSI C,
this means anything wrote in pure ANSI C can be fully compiled with this
library (such as Lua).  I wish that were true, however ccaprice isn't
complete enough as it's still in heavy development; however that is the
future goal of this project (we're almost full ANSI complete).

ccaprice is not the C++ stdlib replacement you might be looking for, that
one is named ecaprice (note the `e` opposed to c). ecaprice is backwards
compatible with ccaprice (but doesn't require ccaprice to operate).

ccaprice doesn't have any sort of posix functionality; the stuff seen 
inside the library is for supporting some basic runtime functionality 
for now.  In the future this will all be removed and a seperate library 
`pcaprice` will be wrote for implementing posix functionality instead.

The goal for this library is simply to have a MIT licensed libc for user
mode applications (and possibly kernel level too).  This library is more
targeted for os developers, or for embedded devices, however it can also
be used on desktops too. ccaprice is supposed to be tiny, and easy to use,
the library should not utilize external libraries (it's self hosting).

Some future requests:
	ccaprice only has a single active developer currently so it's hard
	to port it to alternitive platforms (such as arm).  As ccaprice is
	supposed to be targeting embedded, and mobile devices an arm port is
	something that would be interesting and neat to have.  Some other
	architecture support could be nice too.
	
	ccaprice has very minimal optimization (mainly SSE2 only) it would be
	nice to have some of the existing functionality optimized for other
	SIMD instruction sets (such as AVX).  It could also be nice to optimize
	existing functionality that isn't already optimized.
	
	ccaprice needs a lot of work to work as a dynamic library.  It would
	require writing some sort of a dynamic linker to acomplish it; I figure
	as such that support could be helpful aswell.  I'm not too certian if
	I would want that as a part of ccaprice. I'm more attracted to the idea
	that pcaprice would implement the dynamic loader and ccaprice would
	use pcaprice to obtain that dynamic loader functionality. Which I find
	would make more sense.  Dynamic support should only be an optional 
	feature however that has to be forced on during compilation stage, simply
	because a static library feels nicer (expecially as ccaprice is small).
	
Probably the biggest tibit that you should know: ccaprice is entierly unrestrictive
license wise.  It should stay that way as well, under no circumstances will I
ever accept external code (even if it's licensed under the same license as ccaprice)
So you can feel safe and happy when using ccaprice for any project, for any use.
You can do what ever you like with it (even sell it just like it is).
